Improve docstring for names() (#2882)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: docs/src/man/getting_started.md

 "B"
```

> You can also extract column names by regular expression, indices or `Symbol`s:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also filter column names by column selector condition that is passed as a second argument.
See [`names`](@ref) docstring for a detailed list of available conditions.
Here we give some selected examples:
```

```jldoctest dataframe

> julia> names(df, r"A")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> names(df, r"A") # a regular expression selector
```

1-element Vector{String}:
 "A"

> julia> names(df, 1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> names(df, Int) # a selector using column element type
```

1-element Vector{String}:
 "A"

> julia> names(df, :A)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> names(df, Not(:B)) # selector keeping all columns except :B
```

 "B"
```

> You can also filter column names by column selector condition that is passed as a second argument.
> See [`names`](@ref) docstring for a detailed list of available conditions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also filter column names by passing a column selector condition as a second argument.
See the [`names`](@ref) docstring for a detailed list of available conditions.
```
